hey guys it's Melvin here if you ever
looked around and seen all the
skateboarders and gotten sad kids you
wanna learn how to skate but you can't
well being that I'm such a kind handsome
good-looking good skateboarder that I am
I'm gonna try to teach you guys how to
skateboard but you're gonna need to
learn the basics like how to ollie see
it says it right up there how to well
let's go so we're gonna start out with
me showing you when an Elias now these
are gonna get pretty exciting so don't
go away
now I'm not the best at Halloween but I
think I'm pretty decent so so you can't
get an ollie
come out like that I think you should be
good okay so in order to oven what
you're gonna want you is place your back
foot and this is night I'm using my
hands to show you don't you you know
what this time to make it easier to
understand put my shoes on my hands so
it looks like nice okay so place your
back foot on the tail penny in the
middle
goodnight pump then your best foot you
can put just anywhere that works pretty
much but just don't put it too far back
or too far forward between okay so we're
gonna undo do it scraps down and then
jump up right before you leave your
skateboard when you're jumping you take
your back foot and
slamming on the ground to give it that
and then if you time that right you
should be jumping and your board will be
going up with you but oopsie-doodle
Daisy my 40 coming up like this and it's
not like that one my do well what you do
take your front foot and you roll it up
the book like that so it's like that and
then you roll it up so it kind of level
it out and climb it down and that's kind
of only okay so just like I said please
see that if you can't really pop it just
all you need to do is trap it's just
like just practice going like this and
then if you got this down try to throw
in a little jump while you do it see and
then once you get that you just throw in
the signing of the foot so yeah yeah
practice is standing still first crack
fit and grasp if you need to and get
that about it if you have any problems
you can always post through a video
response to this video saying your
problems with ollieing or put a comment
saying your problems with Alling and
I'll try to help you out
oh one more quick thing before we go you
know how I said I'm not the best ollier
well I'm trying to become the best
earlier and I've been practicing and I
think I'm getting a little better so I'm
gonna show you something that has never
been done before
watch I'm gonna call my twin brother
Melville to come to come out here and
show you something
hey Millville you know here
you believe him big down are you daft
you take that back okay male will are
you ready this it better not be one of
your annoying skateboarding tricks you
will go before me buzzer beats me up I
hope this helped you out see you later
back back your you dim-witted